My name is Kiara,
and that’s my husband, Shaan.
Our son Akil moved out recently
to help where the need is greater.
I didn’t realize
just how much he made us laugh.
I miss that.
It’s just more quiet now.
But more than that,
I felt we were growing apart.
I tried talking to him.
It didn’t go well.
Ever since Akil left,
things have been off
between Kiara and I.
She is so serious now.
I wish she would just lighten up
and laugh more,
like when Akil was still here.
As much as I hated to admit it,
it felt like we were growing apart.
Even Akil noticed.
Anyway, can I ask you guys a question?
Are you both doing OK?
Because you don’t look OK.
Of course, we’re OK.
OK?
We’re doing wonderful, right?
Yeah, we’re doing good.
Everything is good.
Yeah.
We weren’t fooling anyone
—except maybe ourselves.
And for the first time,
we both revealed to each other
just how we had been really feeling.
We knew we were headed down
a dangerous path.
We had to do something
—fast.
We read aloud the scripture
at Romans 12:10:
“In showing honor to one another,
take the lead.”
We thought about Abraham and Sarah.
They weren’t perfect,
but they worked hard
to show honor to each other
by listening and by caring.
I told Kiara, “I know I can do better.”
And I wanted to
because I love her so much.
I told Shaan,
“Let’s both try to do better.”
So we did.
A few months later,
we decided to pioneer together.
Now it seemed we had
a lot to talk about.
I felt like I was seeing
a whole new side of Kiara.
Like Abraham and Sarah,
our marriage wasn’t perfect.
There are going to be stressful times.
But by working hard
to apply Bible principles,
we got through that rough patch
and it drew us even closer together.